From: Tiffany tiffany@tiffanywoodyoga.com
Subject: CORRECT TIME for Kula convo tonight
Date: August 19, 2024 at 2:38 PM
To: FNAME jpinpc@gmx.com

View this email in your browser

Dear Seeker…
Hello!
Just a quick reminder about our upcoming Kula Convo Today, August 19
at 6:00 PM MDT. We’ll be discussing
Cultivating Ahimsa - Non-Violence (with ourselves 8rst)
and how this show up in our lives.
Event Details:
Date: Monday, August 19
Time: 6:00 PM MDT
Where: Zoom (CLICK HERE)
During our 45-minute session, we’ll have an open conversation followed
by a guided meditation.
Please reTect on these prompts before the call:
Loving Kind Boundaries: How do we hold ourselves in alignment
with NON-harming, Ahimsa?

What does the topic of Ahimsa evoke in you?
Feel free to journal or simply think about these questions. Looking
forward to a collaborative conversation and a closing meditation.
Your presence will make this session even more special.
Looking forward to seeing you there and sharing this community
experience together! See you there!
Namaste,
Tiff

Temporary Schedule Changes!
Class Cancellation:
August 24 - 9:00 AM - Class is canceled due to the Palouse
Retreat.
Try taking the practice titled: Leap of Faith in lieu of the live class.
HINT: if the link doesn't work, login to your membership Dashboard. Find the
“Featured” Hanuman Heroic Devotion Series - August 2024; you’ll cnd all of the
recorded classes from this series here.

Class Reschedule:

Class Reschedule:
August 27 -5:30 PM - This class will be moved to August 28, 5:30
PM. This is a one time adjustment for next week. (if you prefer this
day/time, LMK and we’ll see how many of you agree.)

Thank you for your Texibility and understanding.
We look forward to seeing you on August 28!

Calendar

Copyright (C) 2023 Tiffany Wood Yoga. All rights reserved.
You are receiving this email because you opted in via our website.

Our mailing address is:

Tiffany Wood Yoga
PO Box 4315
Park City, UT 84060

Park City, UT 84060

Add us to your address book
Want to change how you receive these emails?
You can update your preferences or unsubscribe

