From: Tiffany tiffany@tiffanywoodyoga.com
Subject: Elevate Life: Solstice Practices!
Date: June 18, 2024 at 7:45 PM
To: jp.gan@gmx.com

View this email in your browser

Dear Seeker…
Welcome to Yogic Lifestyle Leads—
Hello Yogis,
This week marks the transition into a new season, wherever you are in
the world. For those in the Northern Hemisphere, it's the Summer
Solstice, and for those in the Southern Hemisphere, it's the Winter
Solstice. Either way, the Solstice is here, representing a pivotal turning
point in our year.

point in our year.
Let's take a moment to reFect. Think back to the last Solstice in
December. What new intentions did you set? What a powerful time for
new beginnings that was!
The Solstice symbolizes a signiKcant shift, an energetic build-up that
propels us into something new. It’s a perfect time to SLOW DOWN and
set reKned intentions that hold us in line to our higher vision of
empowerment.
Consider these inquiries as essential check-ins for becoming present
with what is current so we can best navigate the remaining months.
Ask yourself - and FEEL the answers:
How am I doing?
Where am I right now?
What does my body need in this new season?
What does my daily life require?
What does my mind need?
What do my friendships and communities need?
How can I best craft this time from now until the Equinox?
We are now six months into 2024, halfway through the year. How's it
going? Are you doing the things you want to do, given your
circumstances? Are you creating time to foster joy, connection, and
nurturing your well-being?
As we step into this new season, let’s carry these reFections forward
and continue nurturing our intentions with mindfulness and care.
With love and light,
Tiff

Wellness Wisdom
Drop and give yourself 20! But
do it with all of you showing up
to play. Strong gluts, strong
shoulders, deep breaths and
go!!! We do the prep work here why not stick around and do the
drill till you feel like enough is
enough. For some of you, that's
5 press up/push downs. For
others, its 50.

Watch Video

This cat tilt can be a drill to Knd
abdominal strength - and learn
how to hold the strength even as
you inhale. Try it!
See if you can move your inhale
from low belly to low back as
you maintain a tone in the core.
Remember...the diaphragm does
move downward on the inhale,
so you will have a vacuum effect
with your Ujjayi breath if you
work this action.

Watch Video

The Anusara School of Hatha Yoga invites you to a global online
community gathering led by the renowned Tiffany Wood.
In honor of the summer solstice, ignite your inner light and deepen your
connection to the practice of the LOVE of yoga.
Date: June 21st, 2024
Time: 11:00- 11:30 am EST
Location: Online (Zoom link will be provided upon registration)

Location: Online (Zoom link will be provided upon registration)
Cost: Donation-Based (suggested donation $10, but any amount is
appreciated)
Join us in celebrating the summer solstice with a session that promises
to inspire and connect us all. Register today and be part of this
intentional experience!
CLICK HERE to learn more.

Register Here

Celebrate Summer Solstice
In Person Gathering
Join us for our upcoming Master Class, where we honor the Sun
and our vital energy.

Agni: Ignite Your Inner Light
Transform stagnation and self-doubt. Improve digestion and strengthen

Transform stagnation and self-doubt. Improve digestion and strengthen
your core. Build trust, self-conKdence, and spiritual strength.
Core strength, upper body strength, and hip opening practices
Build your inner Fame and tone over-consuming desires
Integrate breath of Kre, mudras, and mantra to ignite
transformation
Come prepared to embrace the energy of the summer solstice. Let's
honor the Sun and our inner Kre together!
Registration Required
Date: Saturday, June 22
Time: 11 AM - 1 PM MDT
Location: The Shop Yoga Studio Park City, Utah
CLICK HERE to learn more..

Registration Required - Claim Your OM

Your Feedback Matters!
Your feedback plays a pivotal role in enhancing my offerings. Gaining a
richer understanding of your wellness journey matters to me!

Start Survey

Copyright (C) 2024 Tiffany Wood Yoga. All rights reserved.
You are receiving this email because you opted in via our website.

Our mailing address is:

Tiffany Wood Yoga
PO Box 4315
Park City, UT 84060
Add us to your address book
Want to change how you receive these emails?
You can update your preferences or unsubscribe

