From: Tiffany tiffany@tiffanywoodyoga.com
Subject: Lifestyle: Protecting What is Sacred
Date: June 21, 2024 at 10:59 AM
To: FNAME jpinpc@gmx.com

View this email in your browser

Yoga Lifestyle Journey
Protecting What is Sacred: Yoga and the Wisdom of Durga
Durga, the warrior goddess, teaches us to protect what is sacred in our
lives. In yoga, her wisdom guides us to honor our well-being through
mindful practice.
Curve Before Length
Durga's principle, "curve before length," encourages us to maintain the
natural curves of the spine before extending into poses. This not only

natural curves of the spine before extending into poses. This not only
ensures physical safety but also symbolizes honoring our boundaries
and limits, essential for well-being.
Inner Body Bright and Side Bodies Long
Focusing on keeping the "Inner Body Bright" and the "Side Bodies Long"
promotes inner radiance and openness. This alignment fosters strength,
clarity, and emotional balance.
Yoga as a Tool for Protection
Guided by Durga's teachings, yoga becomes a tool for safeguarding our
well-being. Through mindful practice, we build physical strength, mental
resilience, and emotional stability.
Embrace Durga's wisdom on your mat, protecting and nurturing your
well-being, and inspiring those around you.
With love and Jerce joy,
Tiff

FRESH YOGA CONTENT:
YOUR NEWEST VIDEOS

Sanctuary: Dynamic Flow:
Anusara® Level 1-2

Focus on maintaining length in the torso to protect your neck &
shoulders. Core strength & expanding length to trust the light within.

Homebound: Integration
Anusara® Level 1
Sweet, slow, and low to the ground, this practice will open your hips and
calm your nervous system. Feel at home in who you are!

Embrace the Flow: Stability & Freedom
Grow Anusara® Yoga Series
Explore the dynamic interplay of Muscular and Organic Energy through
the principle of Spanda. Build strength and Qexibility in a gradual
twisting practice.

Fortitude: Mastery Flow
Elevate & Integrate - Anusara® Level 2
Find your balance between strength and grace. Deep twists, grounding
postures, and arm balances. Fortitude inspired by the nurturing energy
of Durga.

Next week’s live class schedule.
Create some YOGA time.
June 22, 2024 / 9:00 am
Mastery Flow: Anusara® Level 2
Pranic Power: Discover the essence of vitality through breath and
movement. Explore how to harness pranic energy, symbolized by the
tiger, to invigorate your body, mind, emotions, and intuition."
June 25, 2024 / 8:00am
Foundations: Grow Anusara® Yoga Series
Spirals of Strength: Build Qexibility and balance while exploring the

Spirals of Strength: Build Qexibility and balance while exploring the
principles of inner and outer spirals, culminating in the empowering
Surya Yantrasana (Sundial Pose).
June 25, 2024 / 5:30pm
Integration: Anusara® Level 1
Inversion Immersion: Learn to protect your neck with "curve before
length," while keeping your "Inner Body Bright" and "Side Bodies Long"
for stability and openness.
June 27, 2024 / 8:00am
Dynamic Flow: Anusara® Level 1-2
Root to Rise: Enhance your alignment and focus through deep core work
and balancing postures, embodying the sage's wisdom of rooting down
to rise up.

Copyright (C) 2024 Tiffany Wood Yoga. All rights reserved.

Copyright (C) 2024 Tiffany Wood Yoga. All rights reserved.
You are receiving this email because you opted in via our website.

Our mailing address is:

Tiffany Wood Yoga
PO Box 4315
Park City, UT 84060

Add us to your address book
Want to change how you receive these emails?
You can update your preferences or unsubscribe

