From: Tiffany tiffany@tiffanywoodyoga.com
Subject: >Lifestyle Journey> From From Mat to Heart: Courage and Compassion
Date: August 9, 2024 at 10:50 AM
To: FNAME jpinpc@gmx.com

View this email in your browser

Yoga Lifestyle Journey
Hey there, fellow yogis!
Hanuman here, your friendly, monkey-faced guide on this epic yoga
adventure. You know, being a hero isn’t just about leaping across oceans
or lifting mountains (though that’s pretty fun, too). It’s about showing up
with courage, selCess service, and a devotion to both others and
yourself. That’s why I’m thrilled to share how our weekly yoga classes
are designed to support your journey—

Each week, you’ve got four live and recorded classes to choose from,
and let me tell you, they’re a match made in yoga heaven!
Foundations of Anusara + Dynamic Flow:
These two are like the peanut butter and bananas of your practice. The
Foundations of Anusara class builds your studentship and skills, laying
down the groundwork like a solid foundation for a mighty leap. Then, the
Dynamic Flow class takes that foundation and adds a little swing to your
step. Together, they’re all about building strength, stability, and the kind
of Cow that makes you feel like you’re Cying—no cape needed.
Integrations + Mastery Flow:
Looking to take it up a notch? The Integrations class (Level 1) and
Mastery Flow class (Level 2) are here to help you soar even higher. Think
of them as your trusty sidekicks that build skill, understanding, and
weave in a philosophical theme that brings the practice off the mat and
into your life. Whether you’re new to the practice or ready to dive into
deeper waters, these classes offer a progression that supports your
growth—or stand strong on their own if you prefer a solo adventure.
Your Journey, Your Choice:
Here’s the best part: It’s a choose-your-own-adventure kind of deal.
Whether you’re all about building from the ground up or you just want to
drop in for a quick recharge, these classes are here to meet you where
you are. Show up with courage, take care of yourself, and remember—
every step on this journey is one of selCess service, not just to others,
but to the hero within you.

So, grab your mat and let’s make some magic together. After all, the
world needs more heroes who are strong, wise, and know how to have a
little fun along the way!
With devotion and a whole lot of monkey love,
Hanuman (aka Tiff)

JULY Kula Convo - Life with Tiff

Join Tiff for a Special Yoga Lifestyle Member Call on Zoom
Date: Monday, August 19
Time: 6:00 PM MT
Convo Topic: Cultivating Ahimsa - Non-Violence
A collaborative conversation and
a 15-minute meditation to close.
This is an open, supportive space. Your experiences and insights
are valuable to our community.

Included in Membership - Register Here

Next week’s live class schedule.
Create some YOGA time.
August 10, 2024 / 9:00 am
Mastery Flow: Anusara® Level 2
Courageous Heart: Strengthen your legs, hone in your balance,
and open to the courage to take your leap of faith for
& with Hanumanasana.
August 13, 2024 / 8:00am
Foundations: Grow Anusara® Yoga Series
Stable & Open: The focus will be on the second component of
“backbend neck,” which is Muscular Energy. Explore Ustrasana (camel
pose). Build “backbend strategies” over 4 classes this August.
August 13, 2024 / 5:30pm
Integration: Anusara® Level 1
Seva: Develop inner strength through the spirit of selCess service.
How do we support our needs while serving something larger?
Explore the many variations of Vasisthasana (Side Plank)
August 15, 2024 / 8:00am
Dynamic Flow: Anusara® Level 1-2
Fluid Flexibility: Deepen the theme of breaking free.
This class integrates Cowing movements with a focus on the
backbend neck alignment, fostering both physical
and emotional Cexibility.

and emotional Cexibility.

FRESH YOGA CONTENT:
YOUR NEWEST VIDEOS

Expanding Heart: Dynamic Flow:
Anusara® Level 1-2
A fun slow Cow that breaks free from gravity. Great for neck & shoulder
health while opening the chest and maintaining expansion from within.

Devotion’s Root: Integration
Anusara® Level 1
Let’s get grounded and trust our breath to hold us from “back body”
wisdom. A slow Cow that leads to restorative postures.

wisdom. A slow Cow that leads to restorative postures.

Fresh Start: Stability & Freedom
Grow Anusara® Yoga Series
The “backbend neck” breakdown that will support healthy heart opening.
This is part of a 4 class series to build life adrming back bends for all
bodies.

Origins of Strength: Mastery Flow
Elevate & Integrate - Anusara® Level 2
Fun, playful, dynamic, and powerful. Get ready to feel good, open your
hamstrings and start the journey of Hanuman.

Copyright (C) 2024 Tiffany Wood Yoga. All rights reserved.
You are receiving this email because you opted in via our website.

Our mailing address is:

Tiffany Wood Yoga
PO Box 4315
Park City, UT 84060

Add us to your address book
Want to change how you receive these emails?
You can update your preferences or unsubscribe

