From: Tiffany tiffany@tiffanywoodyoga.com
Subject: >Lifestyle Journey> Timeless Skin Care Secrets with Ayurveda
Date: September 6, 2024 at 2:00 PM
To: FNAME jpinpc@gmx.com

View this email in your browser

Yoga Lifestyle Journey
Exciting News for Our Kula!
In a recent Yoga Lifestyle WhatsApp conversation, Jen C asked about
how to address “crepey” skin. Adele, an Ayurvedic specialist, offered a
short but impactful response that has already helped Jen with both her
skin and sleep.
Now, we’re taking this conversation even deeper!
Adele Kieras will co-host our next Kula Conversation.

Adele Kieras will co-host our next Kula Conversation.
Dive into Ayurvedic practices that keep your
skin looking and feeling youthful.
Mark your calendars!
Friday, September 27
10 AM MDT (Utah time)
60-minute session
What We’ll Cover:
1. Ayurveda’s view on: What Causes Aging Skin to Droop, Sag, or Get
“Crepey”
2. Go Beyond Lotions – Discover the power of abhyanga (self-massage)
for lasting hydration.
3. The Right Oils for Your Skin Type Make All the Difference – why oils
are more effective than lotions.
4. How Doshas (Body Types) Affect Skin Care Needs – Understand the
relationship between Ayurveda, life cycles, and personalized skin care.
Ayurveda’s Secret: It focuses on whole-body care, not just the face!
Join us, ASK YOUR QUESTIONS
and learn timeless practices that have 5,000 years of effectiveness!
Register Now
With love and devotion,
Tiff
P.S. Your voice is wanted in our What’sApp group - Click to join our
What’sApp!

Next week’s live class schedule.
Create some YOGA time.
September 7, 2024 / 9:00 am
Mastery Flow: Anusara® Level 2
Radiance: Through core-strengthening sequences and the Starlight Pose
variation of Upavistha Konasana, you’ll tap into your inner light and
strength.
September 10, 2024 / 8:00am
Foundations: Grow Anusara® Yoga Series
Embodied Bliss: This practice is an opportunity to honor our bodies as
sacred vessels of the divine, experiencing the auspicious goodness
within.
September 10, 2024 / 5:30pm
Integration: Anusara® Level 1
Empathy: This practice will help you cultivate empathy, both for yourself
and others, by creating space and softness in the body and mind.
September 12, 2024 / 8:00am
Dynamic Flow: Anusara® Level 1-2
Freedom: Svatantrya is the experience of ultimate freedom. It invites us
to recognize the play between choice and responsibility in our practice

to recognize the play between choice and responsibility in our practice
and in life.

FRESH YOGA CONTENT:
YOUR NEWEST VIDEOS

Pulsation & Life: Dynamic Flow:
Anusara® Level 1-2

Anchor: Integration
Anusara® Level 1

Inner Teacher: Stability & Freedom
Grow Anusara® Yoga Series

Fulbllment and Bliss: Mastery Flow
Elevate & Integrate - Anusara® Level 2

Copyright (C) 2024 Tiffany Wood Yoga. All rights reserved.
You are receiving this email because you opted in via our website.

Our mailing address is:

Tiffany Wood Yoga
PO Box 4315
Park City, UT 84060

Add us to your address book
Want to change how you receive these emails?
You can update your preferences or unsubscribe

