From: Tiffany tiffany@tiffanywoodyoga.com
Subject: Lifestyle: Let's Loosen Up
Date: June 28, 2024 at 3:22 PM
To: FNAME jpinpc@gmx.com

View this email in your browser

Yoga Lifestyle Journey
Ready to bring some playful energy into your yoga practice? This July,
we're channeling Krishna's joyous spirit to reconnect with our inner child.
The Playful Nature of Krishna
Krishna is the divine child and playful deity. He embodies joy, love, and
delightful mischief. Krishna's tales are full of mischief and fun, showing
us the joy of spontaneity and simple pleasures.
Aligning Our Practice with Playfulness

Aligning Our Practice with Playfulness
Let’s infuse our yoga practice with Krishna's playful energy:
1. Approach with Curiosity: Explore each pose like a curious child.
2. Embrace Imperfection: Let go of the “seriousness” of practice.
3. Find Joy in the Moment: What GOOD can you Vnd - right now?
4. Lighten Up: Sprinkle your practice with laughter.
5. Use Visualization: Imagine your trouble maker, playful spirit guiding

you.
Poses to Invoke Childlike Energy
Happy Baby Pose (Ananda Balasana): Embrace innocence and joy.
Tree Pose (Vrikshasana): Balance playfully.
Peacock Pose (Mayurasana): Show strength with grace.

Invitation
Join us to explore Krishna’s playful energy and invite light-heartedness
into our lives. Come play with us and experience the magic of yoga in
love and laughter!
With love and playful joy,
Tiff

FRESH YOGA CONTENT:
YOUR NEWEST VIDEOS

Tensegrity: Dynamic Flow:
Anusara® Level 1-2
"Tensegrity" as the concept involving the body's structural integrity
through balanced tension and compression elements.

Inversion Immersion : Integration
Anusara® Level 1
Therapy for the neck & shoulders with a spiritual connection on
remembering you have everything you need inside.

Spirals of Strength: Stability & Freedom
Grow Anusara® Yoga Series
Therapy for the knees by balancing Inner & Outer Spirals of the legs.
Open hamstrings and Vnd more strength by unwinding the tension.

Pranic Power: Mastery Flow
Elevate & Integrate - Anusara® Level 2
A deeply grounding and uplifting practice - Open your heart and
reignite your inner strength.

Announcement:
Kula Convo - Life with Tiff
Join Tiff for a special Yoga Lifestyle Member Call on
Zoom during the week of July 8th.
This session will be a wonderful opportunity for
collaborative conversation, followed by a 15-minute meditation
to close our time together. We value your feedback
to schedule the call at a time that allows for the greatest attendance.
Please take a moment to share your preferences and
any topics you’d like to discuss.

Choose a time

Next week’s live class schedule.
Create some YOGA time.
June 29, 2024 / 9:00 am
Mastery Flow: Anusara® Level 2
Power of Love: Explore the inner battles of pride and arrogance, and the
journey of coming to terms with our true selves. We learn to embrace
the power of love over the love of power, culminating in the apex pose of
Firegy.
July 2, 2024 / 8:00am
Foundations: Grow Anusara® Yoga Series
Open toTrust: Through mindful asanas, we align with a higher power,
inviting openness and trust into our practice and daily lives, fostering an
open heart and a humble spirit.
July 2, 2024 / 5:30pm
Integration: Anusara® Level 1
Radiant Harmony: Discover the essence of Krishna, the playful and
loving deity, through his many names and their meanings. Hip Openers
that lead to Nadi Shodhana pranayama.

July 4, 2024 / 8:00am
Dynamic Flow: Anusara® Level 1-2
Grace: "Opening to Grace" with complex sequences that enhance
receptivity, alignment, and energy.

Copyright (C) 2024 Tiffany Wood Yoga. All rights reserved.
You are receiving this email because you opted in via our website.

Our mailing address is:

Tiffany Wood Yoga
PO Box 4315
Park City, UT 84060

Add us to your address book
Want to change how you receive these emails?
You can update your preferences or unsubscribe

You can update your preferences or unsubscribe

