From: Tiffany tiffany@tiffanywoodyoga.com
Subject: >Lifestyle Journey> Lose the Energetic Weight
Date: October 11, 2024 at 10:12 AM
To: FNAME jpinpc@gmx.com

View this email in your browser

Yoga Lifestyle Journey
Hello Beloveds,
Do you ever notice you feel weighed down by someone else’s
energy
or stuck in the rut of old patterns?

or stuck in the rut of old patterns?
Cord cutting is a powerful way to release those ties, and smudging with
sage or palo santo is an easy way to add this practice to your daily
routine.
Join us for our Kula Convo on
Wednesday, October 23 at 6 PM MST
We’ll dive into the energetics of cord cutting, and explore how practices
like smudging can help you release what no longer serves you.
Try smudging at the end of the day. It’s a beautiful way to unwind into
your bedtime routine. Smudging with plants like sage or palo santo isn’t
just about clearing the air—it’s about clearing your energy on all levels of
the koshas (the Dve layers of being).
How Smudging Works on the Koshas:
1. Annamaya Kosha (Physical Body): Smudging cleanses your space,
removes stagnant energy, and helps you physically unwind.
2. Pranamaya Kosha (Energy Body): The smoke clears energetic
blockages, allowing prana to Oow and releasing lingering ties.
3. Manomaya Kosha (Mental Body): Smudging calms the mind, cutting
cords of mental clutter and releasing worries.
4. Vijnanamaya Kosha (Wisdom Body): Smudging connects you to
deeper wisdom, helping you discern what is truly yours.
5. Anandamaya Kosha (Bliss Body): Cleansing realigns you with joy and
bliss, clearing away energetic blockages.
In our Kula Convo on October 23, we’ll explore more cord cutting

In our Kula Convo on October 23, we’ll explore more cord cutting
practices
Got a question? Share it in our WhatsApp group or submit it using the
form,

Register Now
Let’s gather, smudge, and let go together. See you there!
Submit Cord Cutting Questions Here

Next week’s live class schedule.
Create some YOGA time.
October 12, 2024 / 9:00 am
Mastery Flow: Anusara® Level 2
Fearless: This class will focus on core strength and arm balances to
build the physical and mental fortitude needed to face making the small
shifts that bring better balance to your life.
October 15, 2024 / 8:00am
Foundations: Grow Anusara® Yoga Series
Turning Inward: Inner Stability: In this class, we focus on “Inner Spiral” to
cultivate stability from within.

October 15, 2024 / 5:30pm
Integration: Anusara® Level 1
Honesty: Kali as Bhadra Kali invites us to face our truth with unwavering
honesty. Move through a series of one-legged postures and spinal
balancing poses, exploring how the actions of the feet and legs create
stability and clarity in the body.
October 17, 2024 / 8:00am
Dynamic Flow: Anusara® Level 1-2
Turning Inward, Creating Space: This class focuses on the UPA Inner
Spiral, where the inward turning of the legs creates space in the pelvis
and hips.

FRESH YOGA CONTENT:
YOUR NEWEST VIDEOS

Dynamic Flow: Hips, Heart, &
Core Anusara® Level 1-2

Integration: Deepening Basics &
Advancing Practice
Anusara® Level 1

Foundations: Align, Strengthen,
Grow Anusara® Yoga Series

Mastery Flow: Elevate &
Integrate

Anusara® Level 1

Anusara® Level 2

Referral & Support

You are our best resource in building this Kula/Community.
Your friends look to you as someone who has ggured out how to show
up for yourself. They see you hold your steady and just need a little
inspiration and support. Who do you know that would love to have YOU
as their accountability buddy!

Copyright (C) 2024 Tiffany Wood Yoga. All rights reserved.
You are receiving this email because you opted in via our website.

Our mailing address is:

Tiffany Wood Yoga
PO Box 4315
Park City, UT 84060

Add us to your address book
Want to change how you receive these emails?
You can update your preferences or unsubscribe

