From: Tiffany tiffany@tiffanywoodyoga.com
Subject: >Lifestyle Journey> Radical Acceptance in October: Cutting Cords for Fierce Change
Date: September 27, 2024 at 4:59 PM
To: FNAME jpinpc@gmx.com

View this email in your browser

Yoga Lifestyle Journey
Tara’s Compassion and Kali’s Fierce Transformation through Radical
Acceptance
We’re being invited to think outside the box—to engage in conversations
that challenge our perceptions of power. Justice isn’t just about righting
wrongs; it’s about creating systems that restore balance and allow
everyone to thrive.
Tara, the goddess of compassion, reminds us that justice is about

Tara, the goddess of compassion, reminds us that justice is about
restoration. She holds space for us to release what blocks the Iow of
equity and connection. But sometimes, balance requires more than
compassion—it needs Lerce transformation.
From Tara to Kali: Fierce Transformation and Radical Acceptance
As Tara leads us to justice, she hands the torch to Kali, the goddess of
Lerce transformation and Radical Acceptance. Kali’s energy cuts
through the illusions that keep us bound. She asks us to not only face
our fears but to accept what we must release in order to grow. Radical
Acceptance means embracing what is—then Lercely cutting away the
patterns, fears, and beliefs that no longer serve us.
Radical Acceptance in October: Cutting Cords
for Fierce Change
This October, we’ll explore Kali’s Radical Acceptance—the powerful
blend of surrender and Lerce action. It’s time to cut through outdated
patterns, fear, and scarcity. What are you ready to let go of? This is your
moment to accept and transform—creating space for new beginnings.
Compassion, Courage, and Liberation
Tara and Kali remind us that true balance comes from both compassion
and courage—the ability to restore, accept, and Lercely release what no
longer serves.
Join us in October for Radical Acceptance, a transformative series about
letting go of old patterns and stepping into your full potential.

Warmly,
Tiff

Tiff

Next week’s live class schedule.
Create some YOGA time.
September 28, 2024 / 9:00 am
Mastery Flow: Anusara® Level 2
Emancipation: In this Lnal class of the series, we explore the liberating
energy of Tara through core-strengthening poses like Parvrita
Janusirsana, Ardha Yoga Dandasana, and variations of Yoga
Dandasana.
October 1, 2024 / 8:00am
Foundations: Grow Anusara® Yoga Series
Title: TBD
October 1, 2024 / 5:30pm
Integration: Anusara® Level 1
Title: TBD
October 3, 2024 / 8:00am
Dynamic Flow: Anusara® Level 1-2
Title: TBD

FRESH YOGA CONTENT:

FRESH YOGA CONTENT:
YOUR NEWEST VIDEOS

Auspiciousness: Dynamic Flow:
Anusara® Level 1-2

Quintessence: Integration
Anusara® Level 1

Glow Up: Stability & Freedom
Grow Anusara® Yoga Series

Precision: Mastery Flow
Elevate & Integrate - Anusara® Level 2

Copyright (C) 2024 Tiffany Wood Yoga. All rights reserved.

You are receiving this email because you opted in via our website.

Our mailing address is:

Tiffany Wood Yoga
PO Box 4315
Park City, UT 84060

Add us to your address book
Want to change how you receive these emails?
You can update your preferences or unsubscribe

