From: Tiffany tiffany@tiffanywoodyoga.com
Subject: >Lifestyle Journey> The Leap of Faith
Date: August 23, 2024 at 9:59 AM
To: FNAME jpinpc@gmx.com

View this email in your browser

Yoga Lifestyle Journey
Exciting news—I’m heading to The Palouse Retreat for our >rst Kula
gathering!
While I’m away, be sure to check out all the info in this
email for some class schedule changes, and take advantage of the
awesome class options for the week ahead.
Our Kula is growing, and so is your support team—stay tuned for
updates on how the On-Demand Library will be even better for you!
With love and excitement,

With love and excitement,
Tiff

Temporary Schedule Changes
I’m at The Palouse Retreat!
Class Cancellation: August 24 - 9:00 AM
Take any of the Hanuman Heroic Devotion classes in lieu of the live
class.
HINT: login to your membership Dashboard. Find the “Featured” Hanuman Heroic
Devotion Series - August 2024.

Class Reschedule: August 27 -5:30 PM - class will be moved to August
28 at 5:30 PM This is a one-time adjustment.
(if you prefer this day/time, LMK and we’ll see how many of you agree.)

We look forward to seeing you on August 28!

Calendar

Next week’s live class schedule.
Create some YOGA time.
August 27, 2024 / 8:00am
Foundations of Anusara®
Full Integration: The >nal class integrates all the UPAs learned, focusing
on balanced action and harmony. The focus will be on the fourth
component of “backbend neck,” which is Organic Energy.
August 28, 2024 / 5:30pm
Integration: Level 1 Anusara®
Heartfelt Connection: Deepen your connection to the heart with heartopening poses and backbends. This class fosters emotional release and
spiritual growth.
August 29, 2024 / 8:00am
Dynamic Flow: Anusara® Level 1-2
Title: TBD
August 31, 2024 / 9:00 am
Mastery Flow- Expanding Capacity Anusara®
Ful4llment and Bliss: Conclude the series with a celebration of
Hanuman’s journey and qualities. This class integrates all key actions
and postures, leading to a sense of ful>llment and bliss.

FRESH YOGA CONTENT:

FRESH YOGA CONTENT:
YOUR CLASSES ON-DEMAND
Guided Meditation

Grounded Devotion:
Integration-Deepening Basics Anusara® Level 1

Expanding Horizons:
Foundations of Anusara® Yoga Level 1

Kula Convo - Life with Tiff

Leap of Faith:
Mastery Flow- Expanding Capacity Anusara® Level 2

Copyright (C) 2024 Tiffany Wood Yoga. All rights reserved.
You are receiving this email because you opted in via our website.

Our mailing address is:

Tiffany Wood Yoga
PO Box 4315
Park City, UT 84060

Add us to your address book
Want to change how you receive these emails?
You can update your preferences or unsubscribe

