From: Tiffany tiffany@tiffanywoodyoga.com
Subject: >Lifestyle Journey> Kali, Jung, and Your Shadow?
Date: October 18, 2024 at 3:36 PM
To: FNAME jpinpc@gmx.com

View this email in your browser

Yoga Lifestyle Journey
Integrate The Shadow: A Path to Radical Self-Acceptance
In both yoga and psychology, the shadow refers to the parts of ourselves
we often reject or ignore. Carl Jung believed integrating the shadow is
key to personal growth, as these hidden aspects contain valuable

key to personal growth, as these hidden aspects contain valuable
insights. When left unacknowledged, they can manifest as emotional or
physical pain or self-sabotage.
Jung, Synchronicity, and the Shadow
Jung’s concept of synchronicity—meaningful coincidences between our
inner and outer worlds—often arises when we begin to recognize the
shadow. These moments can be seen as opportunities for growth,
revealing patterns that need our attention.
Kali: The Fierce Integrator of Shadow
Kali, the goddess of destruction and transformation, symbolizes the
Ferce energy needed to face our shadow. She cuts through illusion and
false attachments, allowing us to reclaim our true nature. Kali’s role isn’t
to destroy but to remove barriers that prevent us from seeing our full
potential.
Integrating the Shadow through Yoga and Cord Cutting
Incorporating shadow work into your yoga practice can help you embody
wholeness. Here’s how:

Read the full blog

Our Kula Convo on October 23
will explore more on
“The Shadow” and cord cutting practices….
Got a question?
Share it in our WhatsApp group or submit it.

Submit Shadow & Cord Cutting Questions Here

Next week’s live class schedule.
Create some YOGA time.
October 19, 2024 / 9:00 am
Mastery Flow: Anusara® Level 2
Fire: In this class, you’ll build heat with core work and shoulder
strengthening as you prepare for more advanced inversions. Through
backbends and Very postures, you’ll learn to embrace the challenges of
transformation.
October 22, 2024 / 8:00am
Foundations: Grow Anusara® Yoga Series
Balancing Inward & Outward Energy: This class focuses on balancing the
energy of expansion and contraction using “Outer Spiral.”
October 22, 2024 / 5:30pm
Integration: Anusara® Level 1
Prepare: Through foundational inversions, hip openers, and restorative
postures, we will explore our own creative power, cultivating strength
and balance.

October 24, 2024 / 8:00am
Dynamic Flow: Anusara® Level 1-2
Embracing the World: This class focuses on Outer Spiral, broadening
and expanding the pelvis and legs, as well as opening the chest and
heart through the spiral of the arms.

FRESH YOGA CONTENT:
YOUR NEWEST VIDEOS

Dynamic Flow: Hips, Heart, &
Core Anusara® Level 1-2

Integration: Deepening Basics &
Advancing Practice
Anusara® Level 1

Foundations: Align, Strengthen,
Grow Anusara® Yoga Series

Mastery Flow: Elevate &
Integrate

Grow Anusara® Yoga Series

Integrate

Anusara® Level 1

Anusara® Level 2

Referral & Support

You are our best resource in building this Kula/Community.
Your friends look to you as someone who has Fgured out how to show
up for yourself. They see you hold your steady and just need a little
inspiration and support. Who do you know that would love to have YOU
as their accountability buddy!

Copyright (C) 2024 Tiffany Wood Yoga. All rights reserved.
You are receiving this email because you opted in via our website.

Our mailing address is:

Tiffany Wood Yoga
PO Box 4315
Park City, UT 84060

Add us to your address book
Want to change how you receive these emails?

You can update your preferences or unsubscribe

