From: Tiffany tiffany@tiffanywoodyoga.com
Subject: Lifestyle Leads> Shift Happens: Time to Transform
Date: October 8, 2024 at 4:17 PM
To: jp.gan@gmx.com

View this email in your browser

Dear Seeker…
The Universe is not playing small right now. It’s time to stop shrugging
with an “oh well, shit happens” attitude and step into the empowerment
of “shift happens.” This is why I chose Kali as our Goddess of the
month.
Kali, the ?erce goddess of transformation, is here to help us burn away
what’s holding us back. She’s the heat in the compost pile, fueling the

what’s holding us back. She’s the heat in the compost pile, fueling the
alchemy of change.
Kali isn’t here for half-measures. She asks us to confront what’s lurking
in our shadows and turn it into fuel for transformation.

Read the full blog

Tips & Highlights

Align your body and mind, feel the energy rising from deep within,
igniting your core. It’s not about being perfect—it’s about being fully
present. Stay aware, rise up, and let your ?erce heart guide the way.

Ready to expand your practice?

Ready to expand your practice?
Find Support in Yoga as a Lifestyle –
Are you ready to create consistent support for your wellness goals?
The Yoga Lifestyle Membership is here to help you unlock the full
potential of your practice. It’s more than just yoga classes—it’s a holistic
approach to physical, mental, and spiritual wellness, designed to meet
you exactly where you are on your journey.
Here’s Why Yoga Lifestyle Member Mary Christa Chooses Tiff’s Online
Anusara Yoga:
“Anusara honors the inner experience. Its disciplined alignment
challenges, heals, strengthens, and builds trust in the body. It’s always
about how it feels, not how it looks, allowing me to return to it without
injury. For 30 years, the practice of conscious alignment through
universal principles keeps bringing me back. Thank you for offering a
platform to practice anytime, anywhere.”
Try it now with a 7-day FREE trial!
Step into your own transformation. Embrace the journey to a healthier,
more balanced life—on your terms, at your pace.

Free Trial Now

Copyright (C) 2024 Tiffany Wood Yoga. All rights reserved.
You are receiving this email because you opted in via our website.

Our mailing address is:

Tiffany Wood Yoga
PO Box 4315
Park City, UT 84060
Add us to your address book
Want to change how you receive these emails?
You can update your preferences or unsubscribe

