From: Tiffany tiffany@tiffanywoodyoga.com
Subject: >Lifestyle Journey> Heartstrings & Hamstrings
Date: August 2, 2024 at 10:00 AM
To: FNAME jpinpc@gmx.com

View this email in your browser

Yoga Lifestyle Journey
This August, we’re highlighting the inspiring 8gure of Hanuman, guiding
us through a progressive sequence in our Integrations Level 1 and
Mastery Flow Level 2 classes. Hanuman’s tales of devotion, courage,
and strength will inspire our practice as we explore dynamic asanas,
grounding postures, and pranayama. Each class is designed to unlock
your potential, develop inner strength, and cultivate heartfelt
connections.
In our Foundations of Anusara Level 1 series, we will focus on the

In our Foundations of Anusara Level 1 series, we will focus on the
“backbend neck” alignment, progressing through poses that deepen our
practice and enhance Kexibility. This foundation supports our Dynamic
Flow Level 2 classes, where we continue the “Breaking Free” theme from
our August 1 practice. By emphasizing heart-openers and expansive
backbends, these classes will guide you to release outdated patterns,
embrace change, and invite fresh energy into your life.
Looking forward to seeing you on the mat!
With love and playful joy,
Tiff
P.S. Wondering which weekly class best suits your needs? Here’s a quick
guide:
• Integrations Class: Grounding and foundational poses, ideal for
stability and introspection. Part of the Monthly “Hanuman” Series
• Mastery Flow Class: Dynamic sequences that build strength and
Kexibility, perfect for deepening your practice. Part of the Monthly
“Hanuman” Series
• Foundations Class: Break-down of the Universal Principles of
Alignment. Great for newer yogis and seasoned yoga nerds.
• Dynamic Flow Class: Move and breathe with up-tempo Kows,
incorporating weekly lessons for transformation and growth.

Next week’s live class schedule.
Create some YOGA time.
August 3, 2024 / 9:00 am
Mastery Flow: Anusara® Level 2
Origin of Strength: Explore the story of Anjana and Hanuman. Build
foundational strength and Kexibility through Muscular Energy and
Organic Energy, with Anjaneyasana -Low Lunge variations.
August 6, 2024 / 8:00am
Foundations: Grow Anusara® Yoga Series
Fresh Start: The 8rst component of “backbend neck,” inner brightness
and lengthening the side bodies, with Bridge Pose. Build “backbend
strategies” over 4 classes this August.
August 6, 2024 / 5:30pm
Integration: Anusara® Level 1
Rooted: Delve into your essence with grounding and foundational poses
that emphasize stability and introspection. Focuses on breath work and
gentle, deep stretches.
August 8, 2024 / 8:00am
Dynamic Flow: Anusara® Level 1-2
Expanding Heart: Deepen the theme of breaking free. Focus on
enhancing spinal Kexibility and opening the chest, encouraging
emotional release and openness through Dhanurasana.

FRESH YOGA CONTENT:

FRESH YOGA CONTENT:
YOUR NEWEST VIDEOS

Breaking Free: Dynamic Flow:
Anusara® Level 1-2
A full trip around the hips to open the heart and release outdated
patterns.

Harmony: Integration
Anusara® Level 1
A slow and juicy ending practice to the Krisha teachings.

Ujjayi Flow: Stability & Freedom
Grow Anusara® Yoga Series
Simplify your day. Breathe, move, repeat.

Playful: Mastery Flow
Elevate & Integrate - Anusara® Level 2

Elevate & Integrate - Anusara® Level 2
An upbeat and VERY fun class. More handstand practice AND a playful
sequence for ALL yogis to enjoy.

Copyright (C) 2024 Tiffany Wood Yoga. All rights reserved.
You are receiving this email because you opted in via our website.

Our mailing address is:

Tiffany Wood Yoga
PO Box 4315
Park City, UT 84060

Add us to your address book
Want to change how you receive these emails?
You can update your preferences or unsubscribe

