From: Tiffany tiffany@tiffanywoodyoga.com
Subject: >Lifestyle Journey> Strength, Devotion, and a New Chapter with Tara!
Date: August 30, 2024 at 9:59 AM
To: FNAME jpinpc@gmx.com

View this email in your browser

Yoga Lifestyle Journey
Hello beautiful Yogis,
Hanuman here, swinging by with some exciting updates! Our community
is growing stronger every day, thanks to your heroic devotion. Just like I
leap across oceans, you’ve been leaping into your practice with courage
and love. Keep that spirit alive!
A few tips for staying devoted:
1. Stay Grounded: Connect with the earth in every pose to fuel your

1. Stay Grounded: Connect with the earth in every pose to fuel your
spirit.
2. Lead with Love: Let love guide your actions—on and off the mat.
3. Embrace Challenges: Face obstacles with joy—you’re more powerful
than you know!
And here’s the big news—you can now search for classes by date,
making it easier than ever to Qnd your perfect session.
As we transition into September, I’m beyond excited to introduce Tara.
She’s not just continuing our journey—she’s taking it to new heights. With
her deep wisdom and powerful presence, Tara will lead you through
practices that will inspire growth, both on and off the mat. Get ready for
an unforgettable journey!
With love and devotion,
Hanuman
(aka Tiff)
P.S. Tara’s upcoming classes are going to be epic—deepening hip
openings!

Next week’s live class schedule.

Next week’s live class schedule.
Create some YOGA time.
August 31, 2024 / 9:00 am
Mastery Flow: Anusara® Level 2
Ful$llment and Bliss: Conclude the series with a celebration of
Hanuman’s journey and qualities. This class integrates all key actions
and postures, leading to a sense of fulQllment and bliss.
September 3, 2024 / 8:00am
Foundations: Grow Anusara® Yoga Series
Inner Teacher: Open your heart and receive the wisdom that guides your
practice. This class encourages you to connect deeply with your inner
teacher, setting the stage for a practice grounded in grace and
awareness.
September 3, 2024 / 5:30pm
Integration: Anusara® Level 1
Anchor: Explore the grounding energy of Tara, the Goddess of
Compassion. Through Upavistha Konasana and Parivrtta Upavistha
Konasana, you’ll cultivate stability and connection to the earth.
September 5, 2024 / 8:00am
Dynamic Flow: Anusara® Level 1-2
Title: TBD

FRESH YOGA CONTENT:
YOUR NEWEST VIDEOS

Embodying Grace: Dynamic Flow:
Anusara® Level 1-2

Heartfelt Connection: Integration
Anusara® Level 1

Full Integration: Stability & Freedom
Grow Anusara® Yoga Series

Copyright (C) 2024 Tiffany Wood Yoga. All rights reserved.
You are receiving this email because you opted in via our website.

Our mailing address is:

Tiffany Wood Yoga
PO Box 4315
Park City, UT 84060

Add us to your address book
Want to change how you receive these emails?
You can update your preferences or unsubscribe

