From: Tiffany tiffany@tiffanywoodyoga.com
Subject: >Lifestyle Journey> Be a Lamp, Not a Shadow of Anger, Resentment, or Fear
Date: November 11, 2024 at 4:44 AM
To: JP jpinpc@gmx.com

View this email in your browser

Yoga Lifestyle Journey
In times of division and uncertainty, it’s crucial to 8nd spaces where we
can nurture peace, clarity, and compassion within ourselves. The
Buddha taught that ignorance (avidya) blinds us to our shared
humanity, just as Tantra describes nigraha (concealment) as the force
that veils unity, creating the illusion of separation. Through mindfulness,

that veils unity, creating the illusion of separation. Through mindfulness,
compassion, and community, we reveal our true nature and experience
a deeper, resilient peace.
This is what we cultivate together in The Yoga Lifestyle community.
Practicing with others and learning from our extraordinary guest
teachers gives us the tools to dispel avidya and touch the light within
us. Each practice becomes an act of anugraha (revelation), unveiling
what’s hidden and strengthening our ability to hold peace amid external
turbulence.
As the Buddha urged, we must “be a lamp unto ourselves”—lighting the
way from within so that we may reGect it outwardly. Join us in practice;
together, we’ll not only deepen our own clarity but also contribute to the
greater peace and unity we wish to see in the world.
———————————————————————————————————————World-class Guest Teachers!
Megan Moon -Anusara Elements
Level 1 Integrations of Anusara
Nov. 12 & 18 5:30 PM MST
60 Minute Classes

Jacalyn Prete -Certi8ed Anusara
Level 2 Mastery Flow Anusara classes
Nov. 9 & 16 9:00 AM MST
75 minutes Classes

Julia Schlenkert -Certi8ed Anusara
Level 1 Fundamentals of Anusara
Nov. 12 & 19 8:00 AM MST

Level 1–2 Dynamic Flow Anusara
Nov. 7, 14, & 21 8:00 AM MST
45 Minute Classes

Come together in the spirit of anugraha—revealing your inner light and
deepening your Anusara practice with globally experienced teachers!”

Reach Out!

Wednesday, November 20
5 - 6 PM MST
Host: Mary Christa Smith

In Sage Warrior, Valerie Kaur explores the idea of revolutionary love as
a means to transform ourselves and the world.
She challenges us to see beyond division, recognize our
interconnectedness, and embrace each person we encounter—even
those we may view as adversaries—as part of a shared humanity. Kaur’s
message encourages us to reveal the inner light of compassion, unity,
and resilience in times of struggle.
In the book, Kaur offers practical wisdom on how we can collectively

In the book, Kaur offers practical wisdom on how we can collectively
resist forces of hatred and fear, not through anger or resentment, but
with courage and empathy. It’s a call to see “no stranger,” to dismantle
walls between us, and to nurture a world rooted in love and justice.
Are you needing some support from people who want to feel
empowered?
Let’s gather in our virtual circle, bringing forth the collective wisdom that
emerges from all of us.
You can learn more about Sage Warrior here.
No time to read the book?
Listen to her interview with Brené Brown here. This interview will give
you the context you need to participate fully.

Register Here

Got a question? Drop it here!

Next week’s live class schedule.
Create some YOGA time.

November 12, 2024 / 8:00am
Foundations: Grow Anusara® Yoga Series
(Sub: Julia Schlenkert)
Harmonized Strength: In this class, we explore how Thigh Loop and
Pelvic Loop uniquely work together to create both strength and
spaciousness in the pelvis.
November 12, 2024 / 5:30pm
Integration: Anusara® Level 1
The Middle Path: This class centers on 8nding balance and equanimity
by working with Shins In, Thighs Out (SITO) to support safe alignment in
hip openers and forward folds.
November 14, 2024 / 8:00am
Dynamic Flow: Anusara® Level 1-2
Strength in Pulsation: Explore how each Anusara loop embodies either
Muscular Energy or Organic Energy—the dynamic interplay between
stability and expansion.
November 16, 2024 / 9:00 am
Mastery Flow: Anusara® Level 2
Divine Connection: We will calm the nervous system bringing us into the
parasympathetic nervous system (rest & digest) out of the sympathetic
nervous system ( 8ght, Gight or freeze)

FRESH YOGA CONTENT:
YOUR NEWEST VIDEOS

Foundations: Align, Strengthen,

Integration: Deepening Basics &

Grow Anusara® Yoga Series
Anusara® Level 1

Advancing Practice
Anusara® Level 1

Dynamic Flow: Hips, Heart, &
Core Anusara® Level 1-2

Mastery Flow: Elevate &
Integrate
Anusara® Level 2

Referral & Support

You are our best resource in building this Kula/Community.
Your friends look to you as someone who has igured out how to show
up for yourself. They see you hold your steady and just need a little
inspiration and support. Who do you know that would love to have YOU
as their accountability buddy!

Copyright (C) 2024 Tiffany Wood Yoga. All rights reserved.
You are receiving this email because you opted in via our website.

Our mailing address is:

Tiffany Wood Yoga
PO Box 4315
Park City, UT 84060

Add us to your address book
Want to change how you receive these emails?
You can update your preferences or unsubscribe

