From: Tiffany tiffany@tiffanywoodyoga.com
Subject: >Lifestyle Journey> Why Cut the Cord Now?
Date: October 4, 2024 at 1:02 PM
To: FNAME jpinpc@gmx.com

View this email in your browser

Yoga Lifestyle Journey
Hello my loves,
I’m excited to invite you on a powerful journey with the =erce and loving
goddess Kali. As we step into her energy, we honor her transformative
power with deep respect. Kali teaches radical self-acceptance and
reminds us that our inner strength is greater than we realize—
especially in the energetic realm.
This month, we’ll incorporate cord cutting into our asanas, releasing

This month, we’ll incorporate cord cutting into our asanas, releasing
energetic ties, habits, or patterns that no longer serve us. By invoking
Kali, we invite her =erce love to help us cut these cords with reverence,
creating space for healing. As this release begins to happen naturally,
pay attention to how “the pattern” you’re ready to let go of starts to
unravel.
It’s key to open to Kali’s Grace, allowing the shift instead of resisting it.
By honoring her, we honor ourselves—unleashing a deep and
compassionate transformation.

Mark Your Calendar for the Kula Convo!
On October 23 at 6 PM MST, we’ll gather to explore cord cutting and
how energy follows intention. We’ll explain what cord cutting is, why it’s
essential. Dive into why sharing experiences, ask questions, and support
each other is crucial to opening to the shifts Kali will bring.
When we meet, we bring subconscious patterns into awareness,
creating space for alignment with Kali’s grace. Together, we’ll witness
the profound shifts Kali’s energy can bring and support one another in
integrating these powerful transformations.
And…. A huge THANK YOU to our kula members
Adele Kieras for her expertise on Ayruveda and skin care. Book
your private consultation at amkieras@gmail.com
JP Ganyard for his expertise on technology and sleuthing our the
root cause of the video playback glitches.

Next week’s live class schedule.
Create some YOGA time.
October 5, 2024 / 9:00 am
Mastery Flow: Anusara® Level 2
Revolution: Channel Chamunda, the =erce form of Kali who slays the
twin demons of pride and attachment. This Yow challenges both body
and mind with a series of inversions and arm balances.
October 8, 2024 / 8:00am
Foundations: ofAnusara® Yoga
Gathering Strength: This class is designed to empower and energize,
allowing us to face transitions with con=dence.
October 8, 2024 / 5:30pm
Integration: Anusara® Level 1
Honesty: In this class, Kali as Bhadra Kali offers us the opportunity to
cultivate honesty. With each forward fold and hip opener, we create
space to release what no longer serves us and welcome the possibility
of radical truth.
October 10, 2024 / 8:00am
Dynamic Flow: Anusara® Level 1-2
The Power Within: This class explores Muscular Energy through a series
of poses that emphasize drawing inward to create strength and
stability.

FRESH YOGA CONTENT:
YOUR NEWEST VIDEOS

Kula Convo - Skin Care & Ayurveda with
Adele Kieras
(don’t have time for the full video, read the synopsis attached to the video
dle)

In the Arc of Grace: Dynamic Flow:
Anusara® Level 1-2

Liberation: Integration
Anusara® Level 1

Grounding and Grace: Stability &

Freedom
Grow Anusara® Yoga Series

Emancipation: Mastery Flow
Elevate & Integrate - Anusara® Level 2

Copyright (C) 2024 Tiffany Wood Yoga. All rights reserved.
You are receiving this email because you opted in via our website.

Our mailing address is:

Tiffany Wood Yoga
PO Box 4315
Park City, UT 84060

Park City, UT 84060

Add us to your address book
Want to change how you receive these emails?
You can update your preferences or unsubscribe

