From: Tiffany tiffany@tiffanywoodyoga.com
Subject: >Lifestyle Journey> November’s Triple Offering
Date: October 25, 2024 at 4:35 PM
To: JP jpinpc@gmx.com

View this email in your browser

Yoga Lifestyle Journey
Craving Inspiration? November Awaits—
Here’s What’s Coming!
November with Buddha: Slow Down, Seek Stillness, Spark
Change

Change
Inspired by his embodiment of inner peace, each class offers a chance
to reconnect with balance and compassion through mindful hipopeners, & forward folds.
Through intentional movement, visualizations, and grounding breath
work, we’ll cultivate the clarity and steadiness needed to bring positive
change to ourselves and, by extension, to the world.
—————————————————————————————————————

Unlock New Depths: Deepen your Anusara practice with
world-class teachers!
Megan Moon (Anusara Elements):
Offering two Level 1 Integrations of Anusara classes
Jacalyn Prete (CertiPed Anusara):
Offering two Level 2 Mastery Flow Anusara classes
Julia Schlenkert (CertiPed Anusara):
Offering two Level 1 Fundamentals of Anusara classes and
Three Level 1–2 Dynamic Flow Anusara classes
Each class offers a unique opportunity to deepen your Anusara practice
with globally experienced teachers!
————————————————————————————————————

New Ways to Engage: Expand Your Voice in Our Community!
Last month, with Adele Kieras, we sparked new levels of community
involvement, and we’re excited to keep this momentum going! This
November, Mary Christa Smith will host the Kula Convo, guiding us in a
discussion on emotional intelligence and connection.

discussion on emotional intelligence and connection.
Have a topic you’re passionate about sharing?
This is your chance to contribute or simply dive in to learn from our
incredible community of yogis who walk the talk of yoga as a lifestyle,
on and off the mat. Let’s learn, share, and grow—together!
—————————————————————————————————————
Everything offered in November supports your journey to Live Yoga as a
Lifestyle—on and off the mat. Looking forward to sharing this sacred
space with you!
Reach Out!

Coming Up On Next Kula Convo:
Hosted by Mary Christa Smith
November 20, 2024 at 5pm MST

Mark your calendars!

Mark your calendars!
Wednesday, November 20
5 PM MDT (Utah time)
60-minute session
Host: Mary Christa Smith
Bringing forth Collective Wisdom;
A book club discussion of Valerie Kaurʻs, “Sage Warrior”
Do you crave deeper conversations about what matters most?
When I heard Valerie on “Unlocking Us,” I couldn’t wait to read her
book…. But sharing the journey is where the real magic happens. Let’s
gather in our virtual circle and tap into the wisdom that emerges from us
all.
You can learn more about Sage Warrior Here.
If you donʻt have time to read the whole book, you can still join the
conversation by listening to her interview with Breneʻ Brown HERE.
This interview will provide enough of a context for you to participate.
We will explore themes around creating the world we want to inhabit,
what it means to “see no stranger” and what REVOLUTIONARY LOVE
looks like in community.
-Mary Christa

Register Here

Next week’s live class schedule.
Create some YOGA time.
October 26, 2024 / 9:00 am
Mastery Flow: Anusara® Level 2
Metamorphosis: This class embodies the transformative power of
Dakshinakali, Kali’s nurturing and compassionate form, guiding us
through deep change.
October 29, 2024 / 8:00am
Foundations: Grow Anusara® Yoga Series
Expanding from Within: This class integrates all the UPAs, creating a
sense of clarity and empowerment as we move through transition into
our fullest potential.
October 29, 2024 / 5:30pm
Integration: Anusara® Level 1
Nurture: In this enal class of the series, we focus on soothing and
integrating all of the lessons from our journey with Kali.
October 31, 2024 / 8:00am
Dynamic Flow: Anusara® Level 1-2
Radiating from the Core: This class brings the entire month’s journey
together, revisiting key poses while building towards the apex of Full
Vasisthasana (Side Plank) with the leg extended.

FRESH YOGA CONTENT:
YOUR NEWEST VIDEOS

Kula Convo - Losing Energetic Weight

Dynamic Flow: Hips, Heart, &
Core Anusara® Level 1-2

Integration: Deepening Basics &
Advancing Practice
Anusara® Level 1

Foundations: Align, Strengthen,

Mastery Flow: Elevate &

Grow Anusara® Yoga Series

Integrate

Anusara® Level 1

Anusara® Level 2

Referral & Support

You are our best resource in building this Kula/Community.
Your friends look to you as someone who has Pgured out how to show
up for yourself. They see you hold your steady and just need a little
inspiration and support. Who do you know that would love to have YOU
as their accountability buddy!

Copyright (C) 2024 Tiffany Wood Yoga. All rights reserved.
You are receiving this email because you opted in via our website.

Our mailing address is:

Tiffany Wood Yoga
PO Box 4315
Park City, UT 84060

Add us to your address book

Add us to your address book
Want to change how you receive these emails?
You can update your preferences or unsubscribe

