From: Tiffany tiffany@tiffanywoodyoga.com
Subject: >Lifestyle Journey> Ditch the Salads & Spice Up Fall
Date: September 20, 2024 at 10:00 AM
To: FNAME jpinpc@gmx.com

Your Body Will Thank You!

View this email in your browser

Yoga Lifestyle Journey
It’s time to shift our habits to align with the Vata energy that dominates
the season. Fall brings with it cold, dry, and windy qualities, which can
aggravate Vata if we’re not mindful of our choices. Even if your
constitution isn’t primarily Vata, the energy of fall affects us all, and it’s
essential to adjust our routines accordingly to stay balanced and
nourished.

Making these simple dietary shifts, and ease into
fall with more energy and balance:

fall with more energy and balance:
Let Go of Summer Salads
Raw, cold foods can aggravate the already cool and dry Vata energy.
Transition to warm—soups, stews, and roasted veggies—that support
digestion and ground the body.
Warming Spices for Digestive Fire
Ginger, cinnamon, cumin, turmeric, and black pepper not only enhance
Gavor but also stimulate digestion and keep your internal Hre burning
strong. Add these to soups, teas, and stews to keep your system
balanced and warm.
Embrace Sweet, Sour, and Salty Tastes
Grounding for Vata - Sweet potatoes, squashes, cooked apples,
fermented foods, and healthy fats like ghee and olive oil all help to keep
the body hydrated and grounded during the dry season.
Hydrate with Warm Drinks
Staying hydrated is essential, but remember that cold drinks can
aggravate Vata. Opt for warm herbal teas, warm water with lemon, or
teas with ginger and chamomile.
Align with Fall’s Energy
The energy of the season beckons us to slow down, ground ourselves,
and align with the earth’s natural rhythms.
A Prep for the Upcoming Kula Convo on Skin Care
The foods you eat can also support your skin from within. These
nourishing, moisture-rich choices will help you combat the dryness of
the season.

Warmly,
Tiff

Adele Kieras will co-host our next Kula
Conversation.
Ayurvedic practices for healthy skin!
Mark your calendars!
Friday, September 27
10 AM MDT (Utah time)
60-minute session
Ayurveda’s Secret: It focuses on whole-body care, not just the skin!
Many of you have posted questions in WhatsApp or in the questionnaire
linked below…. There’s still time to ask your questions - even if you can’t
attend live.
ASK YOUR QUESTIONS
and learn timeless practices that have 5,000 years of effectiveness!

Got a question? Drop it here!

Register Now

Can’t make it live? No worries—we’ll still answer your questions, and
catch the replay anytime.

Next week’s live class schedule.
Create some YOGA time.
September 21, 2024 / 9:00 am
Mastery Flow: Anusara® Level 2
Precision: This practice will help you sharpen your awareness and align
your body with the concentrated power of Tara’s protective spirit.
September 24, 2024 / 8:00am
Foundations: Grow Anusara® Yoga Series
Glow Up: This class centers around the fourth line of the Anusara
Invocation, Niralambaya Tejasaya—the self-sustaining light that stands
on its own.
September 24, 2024 / 5:30pm
Integration: Anusara® Level 1
Quintessence: This class invites you to embody the diverse qualities of
Tara, creating a well-rounded and deeply restorative experience.
September 26, 2024 / 8:00am

Dynamic Flow: Anusara® Level 1-2
Auspiciousness: This class is about rooting into the foundation and
rising with elegance and light.

FRESH YOGA CONTENT:
YOUR NEWEST VIDEOS

Fullness: Dynamic Flow:
Anusara® Level 1-2

Peace: Integration
Anusara® Level 1

Manifesting Peace: Stability & Freedom
Grow Anusara® Yoga Series

Fortitude: Mastery Flow
Elevate & Integrate - Anusara® Level 2

Copyright (C) 2024 Tiffany Wood Yoga. All rights reserved.
You are receiving this email because you opted in via our website.

Our mailing address is:

Tiffany Wood Yoga
PO Box 4315
Park City, UT 84060

Add us to your address book
Want to change how you receive these emails?
You can update your preferences or unsubscribe

