From: Tiffany tiffany@tiffanywoodyoga.com
Subject: >Lifestyle Journey> Skin Care & Wellness For Fall
Date: September 13, 2024 at 3:58 PM
To: FNAME jpinpc@gmx.com

View this email in your browser

Yoga Lifestyle Journey
Dear Kula,
I get it— Whether we like it or not, Mother Nature keeps things moving!
As the weather shifts, so does our body. You might notice your skin feeling
drier, digestion acting up, sleep patterns going haywire, and schedules
turning into a whirlwind.

turning into a whirlwind.
Fall is the Vata time of year, marked by airiness and movement, which can
leave us feeling unsettled & dry.

The best way to settle Vata?
Commit to a routine!
Consistency is key in this season of transition! A steady yoga practice not
only grounds your body and mind but also supports your digestion, hydrates
your skin from within, and brings stability to your sleep and daily rhythms.
Let’s support each other to embrace fall, Vata, and transform these
transitions into opportunities for growth and peace.
…And mark your calendar for our upcoming Kula Convo—a special gathering
where we’ll talk about creating stability and balance to help your skin!
I’m here to help in setting up a regular practice with us as the Krst step
toward creating the structure your body and mind need to Knd peace in this
season of change.
Stay warm, stay grounded, and remember—we’re all in this together.
With love and balance,
Tiffany

Exciting News for Our Kula!

Adele Kieras will co-host our next Kula Conversation.
Dive into Ayurvedic practices that keep your
skin looking and feeling youthful.
Mark your calendars!
Friday, September 27
10 AM MDT (Utah time)
60-minute session
What We’ll Cover:
1. Ayurveda’s view on: What Causes Aging Skin to Droop, Sag, or Get
“Crepey”
2. Go Beyond Lotions – Discover the power of abhyanga (self-massage) for
lasting hydration.
3. The Right Oils for Your Skin Type Make All the Difference – why oils are
more effective than lotions.
4. How Doshas (Body Types) Affect Skin Care Needs – Understand the
relationship between Ayurveda, life cycles, and personalized skin care.
Ayurveda’s Secret: It focuses on whole-body care, not just the skin!
Join us, ASK YOUR QUESTIONS
and learn timeless practices that have 5,000 years of effectiveness!

Got a question? Drop it here!

Register Now

Can’t make it live? No worries—we’ll still answer your questions, and you can
catch the replay anytime.

Next week’s live class schedule.
Create some YOGA time.
September 14, 2024 / 9:00 am
Mastery Flow: Anusara® Level 2
Fortitude: Through this practice, you’ll cultivate the inner fortitude to face
challenges with grace and resilience.
September 17, 2024 / 8:00am
Foundations: Grow Anusara® Yoga Series
Manifesting Peace: The practice emphasizes the Kve key actions—our
“mantra of Kve”—to guide the body into alignment and expand into the
peace that kows within and all around us.
September 17, 2024 / 5:30pm
Integration: Anusara® Level 1
Peace: This class offers a tranquil space to cultivate harmony within
yourself, rekecting Tara’s serene and steady energy.
September 19, 2024 / 8:00am
Dynamic Flow: Anusara® Level 1-2
Fullness: Purna represents fullness, wholeness, and perfection in all things,
encouraging us to recognize completeness in every moment and pose.

FRESH YOGA CONTENT:
YOUR NEWEST VIDEOS

YOUR NEWEST VIDEOS
Freedom: Dynamic Flow:
Anusara® Level 1-2

Empathy: Integration
Anusara® Level 1

Embodied Bliss: Stability & Freedom
Grow Anusara® Yoga Series

Radiance: Mastery Flow
Elevate & Integrate - Anusara® Level 2

Copyright (C) 2024 Tiffany Wood Yoga. All rights reserved.
You are receiving this email because you opted in via our website.

Our mailing address is:

Tiffany Wood Yoga
PO Box 4315
Park City, UT 84060

Add us to your address book
Want to change how you receive these emails?
You can update your preferences or unsubscribe

