From: Tiffany tiffany@tiffanywoodyoga.com
Subject: Made For JP. Membership Has Been Confirmed. You Are One Step Closer To A Vibrant, Healthy Lifestyle.
Date: October 5, 2024 at 6:36 PM
To: jp.gan@gmx.com

View this email in your browser

Hello JP,
Are you seeking to build a strong identity that aligns with a committed spiritual
purpose in your life?
Want to face your day with renewed vitality and strength?
Are you seeking restful, rejuvenating sleep but Anding it elusive?
Ready to navigate life's challenges with clarity and support?
JP, imagine having this abundance of energy, feeling vibrant and empowered
every day.
That’s where the Yoga Lifestyle Membership comes in. This program is designed
to support you in building a vibrant, healthy lifestyle that includes:

Restful and Rejuvenating Sleep
Improved Flexibility + Mobility
Regained Strength + Vitality
Enhanced Mental Clarity

With this membership, you’ll gain access to:
Customized Guidance from a Renowned Teacher: Direct access to 30+
years of teaching experience
Create Your Own Schedule: Unlimited access to 300+ videos, designed to
enhance your Yexibility, strength, and spiritual connection.
Live Classes: Participate in weekly live classes that provide real-time
interaction and personalized attention.
Growth Driven Community: Join our WhatsApp community where daily
challenges, brutal honesty, and shared goals fuel your growth.
For a limited time, we’re offering our membership at a special honor-based
pricing.
Combine what you can afford with how you want your practice to support the
person you are becoming.
This special offer allows you to join at a price that suits your Anancial situation.
Sign Up Now
Take advantage of this unique opportunity to invest in your well-being.
Sign up today and start your journey towards a healthier, more vibrant life.
Namaste,
Tiffany

Learn More

Copyright (C) 2024 Tiffany Wood Yoga. All rights reserved.
You are receiving this email because you opted in via our website.
Our mailing address is:
Tiffany Wood Yoga PO Box 4315 Park City, UT 84060 USA
Want to change how you receive these emails?
You can update your preferences or unsubscribe

