From: Tiffany tiffany@tiffanywoodyoga.com
Subject: Register NOW November Master Class: The Inner Peace of Buddha
Date: November 6, 2024 at 7:59 AM
To: JP jpinpc@gmx.com

View this email in your browser

Join Us for “Inner Peace” – A 2-Hour
Gathering for Calm and Grounding

The Inner Peace of Buddha
In times of uncertainty, gathering in community to
cultivate
peace is a gift to ourselves and each other.
Join us for a special, live 2-hour “Inner Peace” class, inspired by
Buddha’s teachings, where we’ll come together to release attachment to
worry, ground ourselves, and nurture a deep sense of calm

The Shop Yoga Studio
with Tiffany Wood
Saturday, November 23rd.
3-5 PM MST

Buddha represents Enlightenment and Inner
Peace.
Here’s What You’ll Discover:
Mindful Movement & Grounding: Focusing on hip-openers, seated
poses, and forward folds, we’ll nurture a steady Kow of energy through
the lower body to encourage a foundation for deeper meditation and
self-reKection.
Healthy Alignment & Openness: Support healthy joint protection,
allowing the body to unfold safely and Mnd relaxed openness through the
legs and spine.
Anchoring Breathwork & Meditative Calm: With Sama Vrtti
Pranayama (Equal Breathing), we’ll deepen our calm and focus.
Visualizations on Buddha’s teachings and symbols, like the Bodhi Tree,
anchor and help us embrace equanimity and clarity.
Community Connection: Surround yourself with like-minded seekers,
creating a shared space of support, peace, and resilience. Together, we’ll
foster a sense of collective calm that each of us can carry beyond the
class.

Why Now?
With life’s demands, tuning into your inner peace isn’t a luxury—it’s
essential.

Now is the time to give yourself the space to ground, reconnect, and
nurture your inner stillness.

Reserve your spot now and embrace the path to peace.
CLICK HERE to learn more.
Registration Required - Claim Your OM

Reach out if you need guidance. I am here to support you.
Love,
Tiff

Copyright (C) 2023 Tiffany Wood Yoga. All rights reserved.
You are receiving this email because you opted in via our website.

You are receiving this email because you opted in via our website.

Our mailing address is:

Tiffany Wood Yoga
PO Box 4315
Park City, UT 84060

Add us to your address book
Want to change how you receive these emails?
You can update your preferences or unsubscribe

