From: Tiffany tiffany@tiffanywoodyoga.com
Subject: Unleash Inner Wisdom: Your Health Transformation
Date: July 19, 2024 at 10:59 AM
To: FNAME jpinpc@gmx.com

View this email in your browser

Yoga Lifestyle Journey
Yoga as a Path to Inner Guidance
Anusara Yoga teaches non-dual Tantric philosophy & celebrates the
divine in all things. Central to this approach is seeing the Divine as
Sat-Chit-Ananda:
Existence, Consciousness, and Bliss.
As we continue our "Playful" series, discover how yoga can guide you
towards inner wisdom.

The Wisdom of Krishna: A Divine Guide
In the Bhagavad Gita, Krishna’s guidance to Arjuna highlights:
the unlimited nature of the soul
the importance of conscious action
the bliss found in remembering divine connection.
Krishna’s wisdom helps Arjuna overcome doubt and act with clarity.
Similarly, our yoga practice can lead us to our inner guidance.
The Universal Principles of Alignment (UPAs)
Anusara Yoga’s Universal Principles of Alignment (UPAs) help
harmonize our body, mind, and spirit, deepening our connection to inner
wisdom:
1. Open to Grace: Cultivate receptivity, fostering self-awareness.
2. Muscular Energy: Create stability and strength, building trust in your

inner guidance.
3. Inner and Outer Spiral: Achieve balance by reVning your actions
towards clarity.
4. Organic Energy: Extend energy outward, expressing the joy of living
in alignment with your true nature, one pose at a time.
Embrace the Playful Spirit
This week's upcoming classes and videos from the past week, inspired
by Krishna’s playful nature, focus on challenging and fun poses that
encourage inner strength and wisdom.
Each class offers options to suit all levels, ensuring you can fully engage
and make the practice your own. By aligning with the UPAs and
embracing a playful spirit, yoga becomes a powerful path to inner
guidance, helping you face challenges with grace, strength, and joy.

Through conscious practice, uncover the wisdom and joy within you,
embodying Sat-Chit-Ananda on and off the mat.

With love and playful joy,
Tiff

JULY Kula Convo - Life with Tiff
Join Tiff for a Special Yoga Lifestyle Member Call on Zoom
Date: Thursday, July 25
Time: 6:30 PM MT
Convo Topic: BOUNDARIES
A collaborative conversation and
a 15-minute meditation to close.
This is an open, supportive space. Your experiences and insights are
valuable to our community.

Included in Membership - Register Here

Next week’s live class schedule.
Create some YOGA time.
July 20, 2024 / 9:00 am
Mastery Flow: Anusara® Level 2
Unity in Diversity: Practicing strength and harmony in forearm balance
mirrors "Unity in Diversity," showing how diverse elements combine to
create a more powerful whole.
July 23, 2024 / 8:00am
Foundations: Grow Anusara® Yoga Series
Balanced Action: Learn how to create balanced action and enhance
energy fow, promoting both physical strength and emotional lightness.
Camel Pose!
July 23, 2024 / 5:30pm
Integration: Anusara® Level 1
Inner Wisdom: Through postures that build clarity, balance, and
conVdence, we learn to overcome doubt and embrace our true potential.
July 25, 2024 / 8:00am
Dynamic Flow: Anusara® Level 1-2
Empowerment: Anusara's Universal Principles of Alignment to unlock
your inner strength. Engage your hips and core Vnding stability and
grace in each pose.

grace in each pose.

FRESH YOGA CONTENT:
YOUR NEWEST VIDEOS

Flow in Light: Dynamic Flow:
Anusara® Level 1-2
Keeping it light! An easy to follow sequence that focuses on hamstrings,
heart openers, and postures that help open “the sugarcane” pose.

Devotional Heart: Integration
Anusara® Level 1
This one got rave reviews from the live session! It’s juicy and full of love.
Explore Organic Energy of the legs to open calf, ankle and hamstrings.

Explore Organic Energy of the legs to open calf, ankle and hamstrings.

Hero’s Pulse: Stability & Freedom
Grow Anusara® Yoga Series
How can reaching from the hip to the heel open new freedom?

Joyful Triumph: Mastery Flow
Elevate & Integrate - Anusara® Level 2
The magical Megan Moon leads a playful heart fow to Full wheel.

Copyright (C) 2024 Tiffany Wood Yoga. All rights reserved.
You are receiving this email because you opted in via our website.

Our mailing address is:

Tiffany Wood Yoga
PO Box 4315
Park City, UT 84060

Add us to your address book
Want to change how you receive these emails?
You can update your preferences or unsubscribe

