From: Tiffany tiffany@tiffanywoodyoga.com
Subject:
From Past to Future: Yoga Updates Inside
Date: December 28, 2024 at 5:59 PM
To: JP jpinpc@gmx.com

View this email in your browser

Yoga Lifestyle Journey
As we prepare to close this incredible year, I’m 9lled with gratitude for
the journey we’ve shared. Together, we’ve met life’s triumphs and
challenges with the steady strength of committed practice, 9nding
balance and grace through it all.

As we hold the wisdom of our past year, and the creative life force
brimming with possibilities for the year ahead, there is much to
embrace!
Our practices are essential because they ground us, uplift us, and
prepare us to embrace both the stillness and the movement in life. They
are the steady thread connecting us to our purpose, our community, and
ourselves.
In alignment with these teachings, we’ve made small but meaningful
adjustments to our weekly class schedule for the new year.
Here’s our NEW weekly schedule starting January 2025:
Stretch & Strengthen: Anusara® Yoga (Monday 5:30 PM)
Strengthen, stretch, and improve mobility in a slow, grounding practice.
Explore Anusara® philosophy and alignment principles to ease into your
evening and center yourself for the week.
Principles of Anusara® Yoga - Level 1 (Tuesday 8 AM)
Re9ne your techniques and deepen your understanding of Anusara®
yoga with a deliberate pace. Build awareness, strength, and con9dence
as you expand your practice through the 3 A’s: Attitude, Alignment, and
Action.
Anusara® Dynamic Flow: Level 2 (Thursday 8 AM)
Energize your body and mind with dynamic sequences that focus on
opening the hips, shoulders, and core. This playful, Muid practice blends
strength, alignment, and creativity. Each week features a fresh focus
alternating hips, heart, or core strength sequences
Anusara® Level 2: Expanding Potential (Saturday 9 AM)

Anusara® Level 2: Expanding Potential (Saturday 9 AM)
Elevate your practice with smart sequencing and Anusara’s signature
philosophy. Each class builds toward a monthly apex pose, helping you
cultivate resilience, con9dence, and purpose.
Ready to align with the cosmic Zow of 2025?
Soul Growth Yoga is your yearlong guide to harnessing astrological
shifts with yogic tools that empower you to co-create with the universe.
Join us in January to step into grace, resilience, and the transformative
power of conscious living.
With gratitude and joy,
Tiffany

Yoga Is Better With Friends Share the Love!
We believe the joy of yoga grows when shared with those we care about.
That’s why we’re thrilled to offer you one FREE month of
membership when a friend joins our Yoga Lifestyle Membership.
Here’s how easy it is:
1.

Invite your friend to join the Yoga Lifestyle Membership.
Have them sign up with the code FRIENDSHIPFLOW for a
seamless connection.
Enjoy your free month and celebrate time on the mat together!

Enjoy your free month and celebrate time on the mat together!
Because yoga is even better when you Zow together!
Ready to share? Send them this link:
https://tiffanywoodyoga.com/membership/ and let’s grow this beautiful
kula together!

Referral & Support

You are our best resource in building this Kula/Community.
You are the heartbeat of this community.
Your friends admire the
way you prioritize self-care and steady your path. Imagine how
transformative it could be to invite them along—because yoga is even
sweeter when shared.
Who do you know that needs a little nudge to step onto the mat?
Be their accountability buddy, their 9rst cheerleader, their inspiration.

Give the Gift of Yoga!
brighten a loved one’s life with the

gift of wellness and connection!
Gift of Membership: Treat them to a year of transformation and
growth
Class Passes: Treat them to a year of transformation and growth.
Community Support: Help them feel the magic of being part of this
incredible kula.
Ready to spread the joy? Reply to this email for a hand-crafted
arrangement they’ll adore. or CLICK HERE to purchase a gift!

Copyright (C) 2024 Tiffany Wood Yoga. All rights reserved.
You are receiving this email because you opted in via our website.

Our mailing address is:

Tiffany Wood Yoga
PO Box 4315
Park City, UT 84060

Add us to your address book
Want to change how you receive these emails?
You can update your preferences or unsubscribe

