From: Tiffany tiffany@tiffanywoodyoga.com
Subject: >Lifestyle Journey> The Current of Change
Date: December 2, 2024 at 4:29 PM
To: JP jpinpc@gmx.com

View this email in your browser

Yoga Lifestyle Journey
The 6-Week Portal of Empowerment: Reclaiming Your Power
From now until the end of the year, and into 2025 ~ The shifting cosmos
will be shaking things up… A LOT.

will be shaking things up… A LOT.
Life often presents us with challenges that feel insurmountable or
energy-draining, but these very struggles are the invitation to rewire how
we show up, claim our power, and work smarter - not harder. We are
entering a potent 6-week window — a unique opportunity align with the
universal rhythms that are calling for transformation.
Empowerment isn’t about doing more — it’s about doing differently. It’s
about making small, intentional shifts that align us with the deeper
truths of who we are and what we’re here to offer.
So, where is life asking you to grow? Where is life nudging you to show
up differently?
Stepping Into Your Light
It’s not about being perfect or pleasing others — it’s about harnessing
the power what you’re being guided to transmute. This is the time to
honor your own rhythms and create space for reOection, healing, and
deep inner alignment.
Navigating the Currents of Change
Instead of being swept away by the current, can you harness its energy?
Can you let it move you toward greater clarity, purpose, and integrity?
Tantra reminds us that the Universe isn’t moral or just; it’s powerful.
And when we align with its power, we can access a strength within us
that transcends limitations and fears.
An Invitation
This is the work I’m passionate about supporting. Through yoga, we

This is the work I’m passionate about supporting. Through yoga, we
have tools to move through the wild ride of being human with more
grace, more awareness, and more connection to the rhythms of life.
Yoga invites us to align body, mind, and spirit with the larger currents of
energy, allowing us to step into our power with purpose and authenticity.
So, I ask you: What area of your life is calling for your attention? Where is
life asking you to grow, shift, or reclaim your power? The answers are
already within you. This is your time to listen, to align, and to rise.
Let’s step into this portal together.

Next week’s live class schedule.
Create some YOGA time.
December 3, 2024 / 8:00am
Foundations: Grow Anusara® Yoga Series
Title: TBD day of class. Remember, makes progress and progress is life
aYrming. See you on your mat!
December 3, 2024 / 5:30pm
Integration: Anusara® Level 1
Title: TBD day of class. Remember, makes progress and progress is life
aYrming. See you on your mat!

December 5, 2024 / 8:00am
Dynamic Flow: Anusara® Level 1-2
Title: TBD day of class. Remember, makes progress and progress is life
aYrming. See you on your mat!
December 7, 2024 / 5:30 am
Mastery Flow: Anusara® Level 2
Title: TBD day of class. Remember, makes progress and progress is life
aYrming. See you on your mat!

FRESH YOGA CONTENT:
YOUR NEWEST VIDEOS

Bringing forth Collective Wisdom; A book club discussion of
Valerie Kaurʻs, “Sage Warrior”

Foundations: Align, Strengthen,

Integration: Deepening Basics &

Grow Anusara® Yoga Series

Advancing Practice

Anusara® Level 1

Anusara® Level 1

Dynamic Flow: Hips, Heart, &
Core Anusara® Level 1-2

Mastery Flow: Elevate &
Integrate
Anusara® Level 2

Referral & Support

You are our best resource in building this Kula/Community.
Your friends look to you as someone who has egured out how to show
up for yourself. They see you hold your steady and just need a little
inspiration and support. Who do you know that would love to have YOU
as their accountability buddy!

Give the Gift of Yoga!
Holiday Yoga Gifts Available!

Treat a friend or loved one to the gift of wellness with yoga! This season,
share the journey of Anusara with these personalized gift options:
Gift of Membership: Cover their annual membership to deepen their
practice.
Class Pass: Give a 5-class pass or a one-month unlimited pass to
brighten their holiday season with the gift of movement,
mindfulness, and community.
Ready to spread the joy of yoga? Just reply to this email and I can help
you arrange a beautiful holiday gift they'll treasure or CLICK HERE to
purchase a gift!

Copyright (C) 2024 Tiffany Wood Yoga. All rights reserved.
You are receiving this email because you opted in via our website.

Our mailing address is:

Tiffany Wood Yoga
PO Box 4315
Park City, UT 84060

Add us to your address book
Want to change how you receive these emails?
You can update your preferences or unsubscribe

